What is the point?
  The point is to easy find XSS and help find XSS that would go unnoticed because
  of current testing methods. Currenly, we just put XSS payloads somewhere and
  hope that we can see the ouput to know if there is XSS. This way hopefuly we
  make us smarter by allowing use to identify the flow of user input
How does it work?
  It works by monitoring different aspects of the website for tracers. It will
  then log these events so that I detailed map of the user's inputs and output
  can be created. This should allow a tester to be able to identify all the location
  that XSS could be from user input. This could also identify what type of encoding
  that the server is doing to help speed up the proccess by telling the tester
  what to try.
What makes this diffrent from BURP scanner?
  Well the point is not to be a scanner more of a new sense for the tester. It
  should allow the tester to have Xarray version into the DOM and understand the
  flow of user input. The way that BURP works is be just looking at response data
  or doing dynamic analysis of the javascript. While this works kind of, it misses
  out on the fact that JS templeting is a huge part of the web. This means that
  the data coming back from the server and the data writen to the DOM might
  be diffrent. This can lead to both false possitive and nagatives. With this
  tool it will only look at data writen to the dom to find out what is going on.
  In theory this should make it more accurate. This should alos greatly speedup
  blackbox testing.

Plugin:
  Hook other userful stuff like eval
  Make request async in backgroup.js
  We need some kind of UI for the plugin. It should show some info about the state
    that the plugin is in and also some general info
  If there is ever an error with adding a tracerEvent just reload the list
  We need to better way to reload the list over all. right now it is kind of manual wich is not ideal. It could be with every request
  Find a better way to insert the hooking code. Currenly it is just a string. This makes it really hard to edit.
  I don't know about the hardcoded host paths. There needs to be a way to configure these.
  Exstention ID is hardcoded for the hooking code to send info. This need to change as a user had to manualy update it now.
  Could we hook javascript load?
  We shold log as much info as we can get. Right now logging is at a all time min.

Server:
  We need to have some kind of UI to display the info
  We need a websocket server to display the findings
  We need to be able to only show the lines that the tracers are on
  We also need to be able to tell the differnse in request. Right now we just modify the old one.
  We should mkae a realy DB
  Added security
  Make it more rest like
  Added a way to only see events for an ID
  Write better code

Proxy:
  Add tracer logging on the response
  Add better error handling
  Write cleaner code
  Move over to burp? I am kind worried with using my proxy server. Don't know how bullet proof it is.
